add plugin GLPI AI (#105)
pluginsGLPI/doc: source/glpiai/preferences.rst

Preferences
-----------

> In preferences, you can setup the respons model. In Free mode, you can use GPT-3.5 Turbo 16K.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In preferences, you can set up the response model. In Free mode, you can use the GPT-3.5 Turbo 16K model.
```

.. figure:: images/glpiai-10.png
   :alt: field check
   :scale: 100 %

> You can consult the others plans `here <https://platform.openai.com/account/limits>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find information regarding the other plans and plan limits `here <https://platform.openai.com/account/limits>`_
```

By clickinig on configure preferences, you can setup a context and a role

> - The **context** can be a description of your company, your mission, your job in the company. AI needs to understand your context if it is to respond as pertinently as possible (there is a context by default that you can change).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **Context** can be a description of your company, your mission, your job in the company. AI needs to understand your context if it is to respond as pertinently as possible (there is a context by default that you can change).
```

> - the **role** is how the IA should respond. Does it have a teaching, advisory or expert role? The role can influence the tone and level of detail of the response (there is a role by default that you can change).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **Role** is how the AI should respond. Does it have a teaching, advisory or expert role? The role can influence the tone and level of detail of the response (there is a role by default that you can change).
```
